add known kubernetes integration issue on 6.12.0 (#3769)
DataDog/datadog-agent: CHANGELOG.rst

6.12.0
======

Known Issues
-------

> Some metrics from the kubernetes and kublet integrations (``kuberentes.cpu.*`` and ``kuberentes.memory.*``) are missing for certain configurations.

Reviewer: `kubelet`
```suggestion
Some metrics from the kubernetes and kubelet integrations (``kubernetes.cpu.*`` and ``kubernetes.memory.*``) are missing for certain configurations.
```

> A fix will be released early next week. In the meanwhile if downgrading to 6.11.3 is not an option we recommend using the runtime metrics

Reviewer: don't advertise timeline here:

```suggestion
A fix will be released in v6.12.1. Meanwhile if downgrading to 6.11.3 is not an option we recommend using the runtime metrics
```
